Adding missing guidance (#2683)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/stepper/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

- In isolation, consider a standard [icon](/icons/library).

## Steps

### Interactive steps

Interactive steps are part of a sequential flow and can be interacted with as a navigational device.

![](/assets/components/stepper/step-interactive.png)

### Non-interactive steps

Non-interactive steps are a part of a list of steps that can be completed sequentially, out of order, or asynchronously. They cannot be interacted with.

![](/assets/components/stepper/step-noninteractive.png)

## Tasks

### Interactive tasks

> Interactive tasks are part of a sequential flow and can be interacted with as a navigational device.

Author: @jorytindall I pulled this from the old stickersheet, but I'm unsure if it's correct. Do tasks need to be in a sequential flow or is that just for steps? Do you have any ideas on what should be included here if they aren't for sequential flows?

Reviewer: I'm trying to remember the reasoning behind this guidance, now that I'm re-reading this it seems a little to restrictive and pointed, especially given that this more or less only a decorative element. The point about the interactive **steps** makes sense, but **tasks** less so. Maybe it would be best to share the content about sequential/out of order/async between both task types, WDYT?

Author: Yea, I can use the language @LilithJames-HDS suggested. Thanks!

![](/assets/components/stepper/task-interactive.png)

### Non-interactive tasks

> Non-interactive tasks are part of a list of tasks which can be completed sequentially, out of order, or asynchronously. They cannot be interacted with. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Non-interactive tasks are part of a list of tasks which can be completed in any order. They are not interactive but serve as a visual list item indicator. 
```

Author: Love this! Thank you
